Docs/simplifying docs (#927)
terramate-io/terramate: docs/stacks/index.md

The `stack{}` block also defines attributes used to describe the stack. Only [Terramate Functions](../functions/index.md) are available when defining
the `stack` block.

## Why use Stacks?

Stacks offer several benefits:

1. Manage multiple resources as one unit, allowing you to build and deploy the entire infrastructure efficiently and quickly with a single command.

2. Easily manage dependencies between resources. For example, you can specify a virtual machine that depends on a virtual network, and Terramate CLI will automatically manage the resource's creation or deletion.

3. Simplify infrastructure management as code. Defining the entire infrastructure using Terraform configuration files makes version control and change management more accessible.

## Creating a Stack:

To create a stack using Terramate, follow these steps:

1. Define the included resources in a Terraform configuration file. This file should contain all resources you want to manage as part of the stack.

2. Use the following command to create the resources:

```hcl
terramate create
```
Running this command creates all defined resources.

> # Properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Properties

```

# Stack Configuration

When working with Infrastructure as Code (IaC), adopting a modular approach is highly recommended. This approach breaks the entire IaC into smaller, isolated **stacks**, enabling code and infrastructure component reuse. 

Additionally, it enhances infrastructure management across multiple stacks and facilitates testing and deploying changes in a controlled manner, minimizing unintended consequences.

The Terramate CLI stack is a powerful feature of the Terramate CLI tool, allowing you to manage complex deployments with ease.

## What is a Stack?

A stack is a collection of related resources managed as a single unit. When defining a stack, you specify all included resources, such as networks, virtual machines, and storage. 

Terramate CLI simplifies resource creation and management, allowing you to focus on building and deploying the application.

> ## A Terramate stack is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## A Terramate Stack is:
```

- A directory inside your project
- Contains one or more Terramate configuration files
- Includes a configuration file with a stack{} block

> The `stack{}` block distinguishes a stack from other directories in Terramate. By default, it doesn't require any attributes but can be used to describe stacks and orchestrate their execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `stack{}` block distinguishes a stack from other directories in Terramate. By default, it doesn't require any attributes but can be used to describe the stack and orchestrate its execution.
```
The `stack` block defines a single stack.


Stack configurations related to orchestration can be found [here](../orchestration/index.md).

The `stack{}` block also defines attributes used to describe the stack. Only [Terramate Functions](../functions/index.md) are available when defining
the `stack` block.

## Why use Stacks?

Stacks offer several benefits:

1. Manage multiple resources as one unit, allowing you to build and deploy the entire infrastructure efficiently and quickly with a single command.

> 2. Easily manage dependencies between resources. For example, you can specify a virtual machine that depends on a virtual network, and Terramate CLI will automatically manage the resource's creation or deletion.

Reviewer 2: this part `Terramate CLI will automatically manage the resource's creation or deletion.` is not entirely correct... This could be misleading for new users because they could think that Terramate does some kind of automatic resource management.


Stack configurations related to orchestration can be found [here](../orchestration/index.md).

The `stack{}` block also defines attributes used to describe the stack. Only [Terramate Functions](../functions/index.md) are available when defining
the `stack` block.

## Why use Stacks?

Stacks offer several benefits:

1. Manage multiple resources as one unit, allowing you to build and deploy the entire infrastructure efficiently and quickly with a single command.

2. Easily manage dependencies between resources. For example, you can specify a virtual machine that depends on a virtual network, and Terramate CLI will automatically manage the resource's creation or deletion.

3. Simplify infrastructure management as code. Defining the entire infrastructure using Terraform configuration files makes version control and change management more accessible.

## Creating a Stack:

To create a stack using Terramate, follow these steps:

1. Define the included resources in a Terraform configuration file. This file should contain all resources you want to manage as part of the stack.

2. Use the following command to create the resources:

```hcl

> terramate stack create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
terramate create
```

```
Running this command creates all defined resources.

## Managing Stacks

After creating a stack, you can use Terramate CLI to manage it. 

- To **update** the stack, use:
```hcl
terramate stack update
```

- To **delete** the entire stack you can use the command:
```hcl
terramate stack delete

> ```

Reviewer: `terramate stack` does not exist actually. I am wondering where this is coming from and how you came with this? So far we have `terramate create` for creating new stacks.
